
- Change the html in sales opportunity and restock oportunity
- Change js at two places in sales opportunity and at 1 place in restock opportunity.


We need to put the value of date in that green bar somehow, and if the date changes, we need to update that value as well.

I changed the js in .outOfDistributionApply to update date, but it's not the only thing I need to update, because it will not write the date when the page loads for the first time. I think I need to actually change the date in the date picker function. And also add some mechanism to put date there when the page loads for the first time.

I also need to see how the date is being formated in the datepicker.

Manual testing:

Required Functionality:
"In Stock at Least Once Within X Days of Report start date"

X = Out of Distribution days

Sales Opprtunity Report
1. Execution section: Report start date = date selected by the user.
2. Performance Analysis: Report start date = start date of date range.

Restock Opportunity Report.
Report start date = start date of the date range.

The green label should appear correctly in following situations:
1. Sales opportunity Report is created.  ✅
	- Also change OOD, date. ✅
2. Restock opportunity report is created. - Cannot create yet!
3. Existing SO report's execution section is opened. ✅
	- Also change OOD, date. ✅
4. Exisitng SO report's performance analysis section is opened. ✅
	- Also change OOD, date. ✅
5. Existing RO report is opened. ✅
	- Also change OOD, date. ✅
6. Clicking on this bar should open the Out of distribution date configuration model in both of reports. It should also work correctly. ✅
